{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green25\blue31;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8740\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado102 \shadc0  \shad0 Tell us about your current financial situation. Why do you need assistance?\'a0\
\

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Hi,I am Rajan Devkota from Nepal.\
I have pursed my graduation of secondary education in science stream and I am doing computer engineering in one of the reputed government engineering college in Nepal. I am living in pokhara and my family lives in village nearer to Pokhara. I am staying in room in rent. I am 18 years old student and I don\'92t have any job. My parents are poor farmer.My financial condition is very poor as my parents also do not have job,so they can\'92t pay for my online education as they have to take care of home and other expenses.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2  They even can\'92t pay me fee for schooling. I have one friend,who help me for schooling and for accommodation. My parents earning is not enough even for my parents fooding. \
\
I have deep passion in programming and I have choose python.I find Python is a one of the most popular programming language and have a high chances of getting good job with python. I find edx course is one of best online course.  To get a job in abroad, I think certificate of this course will be very helpful. For certificate,I can\'92t afford full amount. It would be huge thing to me if I get financial assistance.I believe this assistance for this course would make huge difference in my life.\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Tell us about your learning or professional goals. How will a Verified Certificate in this course help you achieve these goals?\'a0\
\
I am an engineering student and programming belongs to my field. I have deep passion in programming and I want to do somethings on this field. I want to be a python programmer. I want to do work in aboard and I think this certificate can make huge difference on finding job in abroad. I find edx course very impressive and I believe this course would make huge  change in my life.\
This course is the very first online course and the experience of this first week was very amazing.  As I am from one of the poor country,the amount for verified certificate is very big amount to me.I can\'92t pay full amount.\
 As I knew,this course would provides financial assistance to deserving applicants, I am here to apply for financial assistance. \
As I have a dream to get a job and further study in abroad,this certificate can make a  huge difference in getting a job or scholarship of university. Another reason of taking verified certificate is that it would be my very first certificate which is globally recognized and as mid terms and final are very important,this assistance can make a huge difference to me and my career.\
\
\
Tell us about your plans for this course. What steps will you take to help you complete the course work and receive a certificate?\'a0 \
  I am very conscious  about time and course. I have decided to take this course with well managed  time schedule. I can give 15 hours time in a week for this course. I have a strong determination of finishing this course. \
I can give few more hours when required. I can manage my time for the course. As the course is very efficient, I am very exciting for course. Gaining knowledge,developing skills and earning certificates are my major formula to complete whole course. I am thinking to join another course after finishing this course. As programming is one of my major field, I am enjoying this course. I am very excited for the challenge of further weeks. I believe further challenges makes my journey more exciting and interesting. I thinks,taking this course would be the best decision I have ever made! \

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
}